= Context Based Access Control

== DESCRIPTION:
Easy to use, light-weight authorization system for Rails applications.

== Update
Version 0.7 contains several updates on the system. This is driven by the
wish to be compliant with Rails 4.2, the oldest Rails version that is
currently under support.

== FEATURES:
- Authorize users via roles/ groups
- Authorize users via the context of their request

== SYNOPSIS:
Context Based Access Control allows you to build a Rails application with
both generic roles as well as context roles. The generic role part allows
an application to authorize users with a conventional role system. The context
part allows an application to authorize with a combination of the user
credentials and the context of the requested action.

== REQUIREMENTS:

== INSTALL:
The gem can be installed using the 'gem' command.
gem install cbac

To use the gem, see the documentation at cbac.rubyforge.org.
== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Bert Meerman

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
